feat: policies list in the quick start page. (#424)
kubewarden/docs: docs/quick-start.md

## What's next?

Now, you are ready to deploy Kubewarden! Have a look at the policies on
[artifacthub.io](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?kind=13), on
[GitHub](https://github.com/topics/kubewarden-policy), or reuse existing Rego
policies as shown in the [following

> chapters](tutorials/writing-policies/rego/01-intro-rego.md). Here is the list of
> available policies on ArtifactHub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chapters](tutorials/writing-policies/rego/01-intro-rego.md).

Finally, here is the list of available policies on ArtifactHub.
```

Author: I think the @jhkrug approach a better way to list the policies and makes this suggestion obsolete. Therefore, I'll skip this change. Ok? ;)

> Now, you are ready to deploy Kubewarden! Have a look at the policies on
> [artifacthub.io](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?kind=13), on
> [GitHub](https://github.com/topics/kubewarden-policy), or reuse existing Rego
> policies as shown in the [following
> chapters](tutorials/writing-policies/rego/01-intro-rego.md). Here is the list of
> available policies on ArtifactHub:
> 
> <div class="artifacthub-widget-group" data-url="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?kind=13&sort=relevance&page=1" data-theme="light" data-header="false" data-stars="false" data-color="#fe7c3f" data-responsive="true"  data-loading="true"></div>
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, you are ready to deploy Kubewarden! Have a look at the policies on
[artifacthub.io](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?kind=13), on
[GitHub](https://github.com/topics/kubewarden-policy), or reuse existing Rego
policies as shown in the [following
chapters](tutorials/writing-policies/rego/01-intro-rego.md). 

<details>
<summary>Full list of available policies on ArtifactHub</summary>

<div class="artifacthub-widget-group" data-url="https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?kind=13&sort=relevance&page=1" data-theme="light" data-header="false" data-stars="false" data-color="#fe7c3f" data-responsive="true"  data-loading="true"></div>

</details>

```

Hi @jvanz, it's a long list. Are you open to having it in a details wrapper?
